# Changelog
All notable changes to this package will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [15.1.170000-pre.1] - 2022-02-25
### Added
- Added a display name to constructs provided by the SDK when events fire for receiving a message, a transcribed message, or a buddy request.
### Changed
- Removed the option to provide custom credentials in the Vivox service window.
- Updated ChatChannelSample to demonstrate how to leverage both Authentication and a custom credential-based flow.

## [15.1.160000-pre.1] - 2021-10-20
### Fixed
- Fixed a bug that prevented users from switching to the custom credentials option in the Vivox service window when Unity Game Services was enabled.
- Improved the experience for developers using the Chat Channel Sample who are not using Unity Game Services.
- Enabled bitcode configuration for build output that prevented developers from archiving Xcode builds on iOS.
### Added
- Added a DeviceEnergy property to AudioOutputDevices.cs and AudioInputDevices.cs
### Changed
- Adjusted Vivox's default AVAudioSession values on iOS to provide improved volume-related behavior.

## [15.1.150002-pre.2] - 2021-10-20
### Fixed
- Chat Channel Sample was not pulling in its Authentication package dependency. The Authentication package is now added to the project if it is not already there.

## [15.1.150002-pre.1] - 2021-10-06
### Added
- For com.unity.services.vivox users, new Channel and Account classes should replace ChannelId and AccountId, respectively.
- Updated Debug Token Generation to be overridden with Auth JWT generation if the Authentication package is in use.
- Added a warning for Apple silicon builds which notes that Vivox does not work. macOS users must set their Unity target platform architecture to Intel 64-bit.
- Added an Editor script to broadcast a warning if a conflicting Unity Asset Store package is loaded in a project.
### Changed
- Updated the Chat Channel Sample to properly use VivoxSettings credentials.
- Modified channel session deletion to use channel state events. Connected channels can now be safely deleted when connected.
- Updated the Services menu to redirect to the Vivox Project Settings.
- Updated the code snippet example for signing in and joining an echo channel in the Vivox Unity SDK QuickStart documentation to use plain bools instead of checks against the enum.
- Revised various engine startup warnings.
- Shortened autogenerated file names.

## [15.1.150000] - 2020-08-02
### Added
- New Vivox Credential manager in Project/Settings/Services/Vivox
- Dependency on com.unity.services.core in our new Unity.Services.Vivox namespace
- New way to initialize Vivox allow side all other Game Services
- Leverage Unity Project Environments

## [5.15.0-preview] - 2020-06-03
### Changed
- First transition from our old Unity Asset Store Package to a UPM Package com.unity.services.vivox
